sown 90 we are in the company of carlo
good morning good morning then today comes
a little dark because the gloomy day
even though we are at the end of June
then we are on board of peugeot bipper
reaper tpt ptp because tp the tp are i
practically commercial vehicles for the
people transport
practically the logic of the
commercial vehicle to make cars from
every day exactly, so let's say
that all the advantages of
in cargo cars they do not then become in
car transport people then
let's take a look at it since we're here
to the interior what you can do to me
say then machine quite simple
because obviously there are the be all
uCI
there are here are the lever of
wiper below we have a
lever for cruise control because I am looking for
to arrive
here he is, take care of the fight on this one
version that the top version
electric windows are fitted as standard
solidarity front and then there are the various
radio climate control keys ok let's say
that there is everything without saying
let's take special precautions like this
optional however there is really everything
so let's say manual climate control but
there are those who are not rigid but there is therefore
radio already integrated with cd mp3
what are the classics that will be six
classic 66 bases in short, the maximum of
of the possibility for quality for
listen to the music or see it anyway
lots of space here in front
yes this is a conceived machine
just to have the space from all the
parts are a series of storage compartments
practically everywhere therefore for the
glasses the keys or maybe for i
mobile phones and so on
inside this machine inside her
things are lost
here we are not seeing him because he is dark and
opaque and not in a large drawer
glove
then I also look here on the side
of the door so there are others
thus elegant storage for the
ability to carry drawn e
here in front of the gearbox this is a change
5 speed manual are obviously all the
there is 5-speed manual gearboxes on twitter
the possibility also of having a
candidate
we speculated that we
we tell how many versions on request
are my three sets, let's say
which are two
this is the top if there is no le active
two engines are always a
gasoline and a diesel this in which
we find then a love is a diesel
let's take a look at engine displacements
my four displacements for what
regards the 1300 petrol for how much
concerns diesel and petrol and methane
both the car and the vehicle are absolutely
Commercial vehicle are medan able or
let's say transformable to gpl or from a
look at those that are spaces
also behind then three comfortable seats
a lot then we will also see the part of the
luggage that one of the points I think
strength of the car which is a car
in short, that can go quietly
in the garage because it is not
absolutely long be one
machine that is 4 meters shorter then
it is a small car so both for the
fat that also for parking because
not in the city is very convenient is one
machine that lends itself very well to
daily use of maximum versatility
or as regards the sessions in
absolutely no fabric fabric I see
here a particular design with this one
yellow finish that exalts a
little bit what is the proper part
where you lean and comfortable
registration there is an armrest then
in very little space but a lot
giving so much content
practicality or I am looking towards that
there is the mirror or rather the mirrors
they are electrically adjustable electric
just place the joystick on one
part rather than the other so
that a right hand rule rather
sinister fine that I for now you
thank you and make an appointment for a test
drive to learn more in
dealership or why not on ours
social channels
see you soon bye bye